Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: hikari-toolkit
Version: 0.1.5
Summary: A high-level tool for manipulating crystallographic files
Home-page: https://github.com/Baharis/hikari
Author: Daniel Tchoń
Author-email: dtchon@chem.uw.edu.pl
License: MIT
Description: 
        # hikari
        hikari is a simple Python3.6+ package for manipulating basic crystallographic
        files: mainly .hkl, but also .res, .cif and, by extension, .fcf.
        
        The following section contains brief explanation of how to install 
        and use hikari. For full description please see the documentation.
        
        ## Getting started
        
        Hikari is registered in PyPI under the name `hikari-toolkit`.
        In order to start working with the package, simply install it using:
        
            $ pip install hikari-toolkit
        
        Since it runs on python version 3.6 or newer and requires specific versions
        of some popular packages such as numpy, you might be interested in
        using hikari in a virtual environment, which might be created using:
        
            $ mkvirtualenv -p /usr/bin/python3.6 hikari-venv
        
        After running python from this virtual environment,
        the package should be available in the namespace via `import hikari`.
        
        ## Usage
        
        For the sake of usage, hikari is essencially divided into a few sub-modules,
        including dataframes, symmetry, utility, and scripts.
        Dataframes contain object responsible for basic manipulation of files,
        for example the `hikari.dataframes.CifFrame` is responsible for
        reading, modifying and writing the Crystal Information Files.
        Scripts, on the other hands, contain ready to use sets of dataframe
        instructions and aim to solve a complete problem, like reformatting the file
        or evaluating data completeness in certain experiment.
        In the majority of cases, you should be more interested in the latter.
        
        ## Author
        
        This software is made by Daniel Tchoń, dtchon@chem.uw.edu.pl, and distributed
        under MIT license. Dr hab. Anna Makal and prof. dr hab. Krzysztof Woźniak are
        acknowledged for helpful discussions about crystallography behind the subject.
        Dr Jarosław Kalinowski and mgr inż. Damian Tchoń are acknowledged
        for insightful tips on project structure and code optimisation.
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.8
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.9
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.10
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.11
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3 :: Only
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Chemistry
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Physics
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
